#Word from the Warden
keliness ofThe Air Compressor is a direct driven electric compressor without a belt. It operates by the rotary movement of the motor that makes up the strokes of the piston. These strokes let in filtered air, compress it and thus expel it through the outlet valve, into the reservoir tank.
It requires one to wear approved ear protection to prevent hearing loss and safety glasses to prevent eyes from injury from flying debris.
Equipment should be grounded when operated near flammable substances due to the li high static charges developed.
All pipes/hoses used ought to have a rating of the max pressure of the compressor.
The motor continues to operate until the maximum pressure in the tank is reached, upon which it is automatically switched off until the pressure drops below the min pressure. This ensures that there is a nearly constant pressure supplied from the tank.
#Word from the Custodian
rotection to prevent hearing loss and safety glasses to prevent eyes from injury from flying debris.
Equipment should be grounded when operated near flammable substances due to the likeliness of high static charges developed.keliness ofThe Air Compressor is a direct driven electric compressor without a belt. It operates by the rotary movement of the motor that makes up the strokes of the piston. These strokes let in filtered air, compress it and thus expel it through the outlet valve, into the reservoir tank.
It requires one to wear approved ear protection to It requires one to wear approved ear pprevent hearing loss and safety glasses to prevent eyes from injury from flying debris.
All pipes/hoses used ought to have a rating of the max pressure of the compressor.
#Word from the Gorvernor
The Air Compressor is a direct driven electric compressor without a belt. It operates by the rotary movement of the motor that makes up the strokes of the piston. These strokes let in filtered air, compress it and thus expel it through the outlet valve, into the reservoir tank.
The motor continues to operate until the maximum pressure in the tank is reached, keliness ofThe Air Compressor is a direct driven electric compressor without a belt. It operates by the rotary movement of the motor that makes up the strokes of the piston. These strokes let in filtered air, compress it and thus expel it through the outlet valve, into the reservoir tank.
It requires one to wear approved ear protection to prevent hearing loss and safety glasses to prevent eyes from injury from flying debris. upon which it is automatically switched off until the pressure drops below the min pressure. This ensures that there is a nearly constant pressure supplied from the tank.
#Word from the GRC
It requires one to wear approved ear protection to prevent hearing loss and safety glasses to prevent eyes from injury from flying debris.
Equipment should be grounded when operated near flammable keliness ofThe Air Compressor is a direct driven electric compressor without a belt. It operates by the rotary movement of the motor that makes up the strokes of the piston. These strokes let in filtered air, compress it and thus expel it through the outlet valve, into the reservoir tank.
It requires one to wear approved ear protection to prevent hearing loss and safety glasses to prevent eyes from injury from flying debris. substances due to the likeliness of high static charges developed.
All pipes/hoses used ought to have a rating of the max pressure of the compressor.